Hey everyone? And welcome to the Google project walk-through video.
Today, I'm going to show you how you can start
the sample solution and then submit your code to the KIT lab in Germany.
First, go through the project details and
then start reading the Udacity Workspace instructions.
You should get familiar with this instruction before you start your workspace.
Now that you've read these instructions,
go to your Project Workspace.
As always, enable the GPU otherwise you won't be able to visualize RViz or Gazebo.
Always keep an eye to the red indicator next to the Menu.
For now, I don't see any red indicator.
But if you see it,
click on MENU and reset the data.
This ensures that you get the latest version of the project.
For the purpose of demonstration,
I'm going to reset the data.
Before you do that, make sure to backup
your code because you lose it once you reset the data.
I just reset my data and waiting for a GPU to load again.
Now, I'm going to expand this to better visualize the workspace.
Let's follow the project instructions and see how I can start the sample code.
First, I have to update and upgrade the system.
Now that the system has been updated and upgraded,
let's move on with the instructions.
Next, I have to install all the package dependencies.
You can see that all the required packages has been installed successfully.
Moving on, let's build and source our catkin workspace.
The catkin workspace has been successfully built, let's source it.
Following, let's go to the desktop and then start the project.
Here you can see the visual version of iWuntu.
Don't worry about this error,
just hit OK. Now open a terminal,
navigate to the script folder of the RLL planning project,
and then restart the project file.
You cannot see the external terminals starting,
each one of them, starting a bunch of graphs notes.
First, the Gazebo and the RViz simulation part is going to start.
Just going to put them side by side to better visualize them,
you can always use the command and arrows button to do that.
You can see that my project type solution has started.
In this sample solution,
the grasping object is moving from the start goal to
an easy goal one located on the same line.
You can see that the pose is valid,
and then the grasping object has moved and successfully been deployed to the goal pose.
Duration of this job is 9.95 seconds.
Now the hooker arm is replacing back the grasping object at the start position.
Now to terminate the project,
hit ENTER into terminal.
Now that you've seen a sample code running ,
let's take a look at the content of
the catkin workspace and see how the sample code was programmed.
Under catkin workspace, SRC,
you can see the project solution as well as the project SDK.
I'm going to open the project solution folder.
Here, you can see a bunch of folders.
Under the launch folder,
I'm going to open the planning underscore iface of launch file.
In this file, you can see the start and goal pose of the grasping object.
The X and Y positions are positioned in meters,
whereas the angle is an angle in radians.
You'll have to edit this file and change the start
and goal pose to work on your phase one,
phase two, and later on, the context phase.
In this file, you can edit the round three times default value to true.
This would run your projects solution three times in a row.
Make sure to enable that to true once you're done cording your background in
algorithm and you're ready to test before submitting your code to the KIT lab in Germany.
Moving on, let's go back to the solution folder.
And then under the scripts folder,
let's open the path underscore planner by script.
In here, you're going to implement your path planning algorithm.
For the sample code,
we're retrieving the input values,
then mark underscore width and mark underscore length,
which are both the given map dimensions.
Then, we're retrieving the start and go poses.
Later, we're printing all these values.
Next, we're checking if it's possible to directly move from the start
pose to the goal pose using the check underscore SRV function.
If valid, were directly moving to that pose using the move underscore SRV function.
Otherwise, we're printing an invalid pose statement.
For both the practice maze and the context maze,
you'll have to use these check underscore SRV function and move
underscore SRV function to successfully check for any pose and moved toward it.
Makes sure to at least five millimeter to the next pose.
After you finish writing your path planning algorithm and testing it,
feel free to move and submitted to the KIT lab in Germany.
Now, I'll show you how to submit your code to be KIT lab in Germany.
First, go through the submission instructions.
These instructions are divided into three steps.
First, you have to install your JWT file,
then you have to submit your job and later check the status of your job.
Let me start with the first step.
I'm going to download my JWT file.
Let me copy the content of this file,
then go to the JWT folder in my workspace.
Under this folder you can see JWT file,
where you have to open it,
delete its content and replace it with a JWT content file that you downloaded earlier.
The next step is to submit your job to the KIT lab in Germany.
To do that, you open a terminal and write submit.
Now it's prompting you to write yes in capital letter if you
want to write over any previous planner code submissions and scores.
This should be all in capital.
It's not submitting my code to the robot learning lab,
here, I'm going to have to write yes if I want
my name to be published on the leaderboard.
I will name this as testing.
My submission has been completed.
Next step, is to check the status of my job.
I'll simply write check underscore jobs.
Here is a list of all the jobs I've been submitting to the KIT lab in Germany.
The latest one should be at the end of this.
So now I'm waiting for feedback from them to see if my submission
has failed or passed. Let me check again.
Here you can see that my simulation has failed,
and that's because my code is unable to move
the grasping objects from the given start pose to the goal one.
You can collect the log of each terminal by clicking on these links and finally,
you can watch a video of you record on the real hardware in case it does the submission.